scriptreplay: add page (#2928)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/scriptreplay.md

# scriptreplay

> > Replay a typescript created by the script command to standard output.

Reviewer: Maybe we could surround `script` in backticks, like this?
```suggestion
> Replay a typescript created by the `script` command to the standard output.
```

> > Output content of session files created by script command to standard output.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Replay a typescript created by the script command to standard output.
```
Seems clearer this way, what do you think?

Author: I like the edit. I also think I need to consider a remedial English grammar class. :\

> - Replay {{path/to/session.out}} at the speed it was recorded:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Replay a typescript at the speed it was recorded:
```
Let's not use `{{curly braces}}` in descriptions, only in commands. It is better to form a more understandable sentence. The same goes for all the other examples.

> `scriptreplay {{path/to/timingfile}} {{path/to/session.out}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`scriptreplay {{path/to/timing_file}} {{path/to/typescript}}`
```
The simpler the tokens are, the better. Here since the second positional argument is a typescript, calling it `typescript` makes it easier to understand. It is also better to separate multiple words with an underscore.

Author: @mebeim: the `script` page at https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/pull/2918#discussion_r275518979,references typescript files as `session.out`, should the companion `scriptreplay` page be kept consistent?

Reviewer 2: @lbonanomi yeah that would probably make it more understandable, yes :slightly_smiling_face:

> - Replay {{typescript_file}} at double-speed:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Replay a typescript at double the original speed:
```
I'd emphasize that's double *of the original* speed, same goes for the example below with half the original speed.

Author: Well said!

> `scriptreplay {{path/to/timingfile}} {{path/to/session.out}} 2`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`scriptreplay {{path/to/timingfile}} {{path/to/typescript}} 2`
```

> - Replay {{typescript_file}} at half-speed:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Replay a typescript at half the original speed:
```
Whoops, missed this.

> `scriptreplay {{path/to/timingfile}} {{path/to/session.out}} .5`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`scriptreplay {{path/to/timingfile}} {{path/to/typescript}} 0.5`
```

Author: Thank you @mebeim, changes applied
